fsx/ontap_storeage_virtulal_mcahine: Remove deprecadted distinguidshed (#22915)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/guides/version-4-upgrade.html.md

!> **WARNING:** This topic is placeholder documentation.

## Resource: aws_fsx_ontap_storage_virtual_machine

> We removed the misspelled argument `active_directory_configuration.0.self_managed_active_directory_configuration.0.organizational_unit_distinguidshed_name` that was previously deprecated. Use `active_directory_configuration.0.self_managed_active_directory_configuration.0.organizational_unit_distinguished_name` now instead. This is available for state upgrade.

Reviewer: Maybe instead of "available for state upgrade" which sounds like something left on the practitioner, we could note instead
```suggestion
We removed the misspelled argument `active_directory_configuration.0.self_managed_active_directory_configuration.0.organizational_unit_distinguidshed_name` that was previously deprecated. Use `active_directory_configuration.0.self_managed_active_directory_configuration.0.organizational_unit_distinguished_name` now instead. Terraform will automatically migrate the state from the deprecated attribute. 
```
